# Changelog - Version 3.8 (2024-04-05)

## Changed

* Replaced temporary seen users with the `seen_today` table for improved data managment.
* Ajusted the processing of the `giftsub` events to prioritise recipient information over the gifter's information.
* Updated the welcome message function to fetch users from the `seen_today` table instead of using temporary seen users.
* Changed the "Available Custom Commands" list in the commands command to the website link for commands.
* Updated commands and functions using `DECAPI` to use the `Twitch API` instead:

  * Commands: "uptime" and "followage"
  * Functinos: "get_latest_stream_game" and "check_stream_online".

## Added

* Added `timezone` import from the `datetime` module to handle time-related operations.
* Added a new database table called `seen_today` to store information about the users that have been seen during the current stream.
* Added a new function called "send_online_message" to send a message to chat if the stream is online, but only if the stream has been online for less than 5 minutes.

## Removed

* Removed `DECAPI` intergration from the bot

## Fixed

* Fixed the process of subs to check if the user receiving a gift sub is already in the `subsciption_data` table.

**Thank you for your feedback and support!**

As always, your feedback is appreciated. Please report any issues, bugs, or suggestions in the #ticket-info channel on our Discord server. You can also submit feedback and bug reports directly on our website: [https://botofthespecter.com/feedback.php](https://botofthespecter.com/feedback.php)
