# Changelog - Version 4.8 (2024-09-26)

## Enhancements & Updates

* Updated `VERSION` variable to "4.8" to track the bot version.
* **WebSocket Enhancements:**
  * Receiving a new message from the WebSocket server event: `KOFI`.
  * Changed some WebSocket notify events from HTTP/S to the SocketIO Emit process:
    * `await sio.emit('STREAM_ONLINE')`
    * `await sio.emit('STREAM_OFFLINE')`

## Command & Event Improvements

* **Ko-Fi Event Processing:**
  * Added functionality to handle Ko-Fi events for various event types:
    * **Shop Order**: Logs order details, including the item, quantity, and total price, and sends a notification message to the channel.
    * **Donation**: Logs donations, including any message from the donor, and sends a notification message to the channel.
    * **Subscription**: Logs new subscriptions and sends a notification message to the channel about the subscription details.

* **Ping Command:**
  * Edited the ping command to provide a clearer explanation in chat about what the command does and how it's used.

* **New Sound Alert System:**
  * Custom-built Sound Alert System.
  * Map channel points to audio files uploaded on the dashboard.
  * Use the overlay to hear sound alerts in OBS.

* **New Channel Point Process:**
  * Added new channel point triggers for:
    * `lotto`: Displays random "lotto" numbers in chat as a fun game.
    * `fortune`: Displays a random fortune for the user in chat.

## Other Notable Changes

* Moved the Twitch Event Sub for `channel.channel_points_automatic_reward_redemption.add` & `channel.channel_points_custom_reward_redemption.add` from a single function to its own dedicated function called `process_channel_point_rewards`.
* Moved the **Spam Pattern** detection from the code to the database, allowing users to update the spam patterns without restarting the bot.

**Thank you for your feedback and support!**

As always, your feedback is appreciated. Please report any issues or suggestions in the #ticket-info channel on our Discord server. You can also submit feedback directly on our website: [https://botofthespecter.com/feedback.php](https://botofthespecter.com/feedback.php)
